Research Advice
---------------------


What is Research? How is it Different from Classroom Learning?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


If you want to succeed in research, you need to first understand how success is
defined. Research is very, very, very different from classroom courses.
You can throw away everything strategy that has made you successful in
classroom. Many students are used to classroom learning and the success
is measured by submitting homework and answering exam questions. These
are usually quite well-defined questions with "correct" answers. What is
learned in a classroom may be knowledge discovered decades or even
centuries ago. Research, by the very definition, is to create new
things: new concepts, new theory, new algorithms, new software, new
data, new interpretation... \ **It must be new.** It is new to the
entire history of humans, not new to you. If it is new to you but some
other people already know, it is not new and it is not research. 

Because research must create something new, you need to take a
completely different set of metrics to define success. First, you
absolutely must communicate with others (your teammates, advisers, other
researchers). Nobody else knows what you are doing because you are
creating something new. Many students are used to the pattern: go to
class, take notes, submit homework, answer exam questions. It is
possible to get A+ in many classes without saying a word to anyone (and
many students say nothing for the entire semester). However, this will
not work at all. You must explain what you are doing. Second, you must
be doing something unique and nobody else is doing exactly the same
thing (because you are a unique person). As a result, you must not
assume that others know what you are doing. Instead, you have to explain
the problems to them before you jump into your solutions. Also, do not
assume that they remember what you have told them. Other people are
solving their research problems. You have to remind them what you said
before.

**Success in research is definted exclusively by what new things you
produce.** Success is not defined by how much time you spend, how many
papers you read, how many books you read, how much you learn, or even
how much you enjoy the time with your teammates. 
    

Advice about Doing Research
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Here is a collection about my advice about doing research. You are
welcome to share the information with anyone. Many parts are personal
opinions and it is certainly possible that my opinions are different
from yours. Your comments and suggestions would be appreciated. 

If you have experience making video, you surely know the amount of
effort needed. Recording narration can take a lot of time. To save my
time, the voice of the video is generated by a computer program I
purchased. I appreciate your understanding. Yung-Hsiang Lu

How To Do Research
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 10 10 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Topic
     - Video
     - Slides
     - Script

   * - What is Research
     - `video <https://youtu.be/g9Z_vkgPxMg>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/WhatIsResearch.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/WhatIsResearch.docx>`__

   * - Notebook
     - `video <https://youtu.be/MqXNeFOpolU>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/DesignNotebook.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/DesignNotebook.docx>`__

   * - Communication
     - `video <https://youtu.be/ImjmBXkLSmY>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/Communication.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/Communication.docx>`__

   * - Style and Strength
     - `video <https://youtu.be/IKt6wrefmm4>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/StyleStrength.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/StyleStrength.docx>`__

   * - Take Ownership
     - `video <https://youtu.be/-VvSQUzcguM>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/Ownership.pptx>`__
     -  `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/Ownership.docx>`__

Linux and C Programming
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 10 10 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Topic
     - Video
     - Slides
     - Script

   * - Linux 1
     - `video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyLfe78NnAE>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/Linux1.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/Linux1.docx>`__

   * - Linux 2
     - `video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eruntG6L6ZE>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/Linux2.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/Linux2.docx>`__

   * - C Programming 1
     - `video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDFokk9DafU>`__
     - `pptx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/slide/tools4c.pptx>`__
     - `docx <https://engineering.purdue.edu/HELPS/ResearchAdvice/script/tools4c.docx>`__

